Dad plunges to his death in front of his horrified daughter after slipping on mountainside during weekend away in Snowdonia

A DAD has died after falling a “considerable distance” while hiking up a Welsh mountain with his daughter.

His horrified daughter, 25, watched on as her dad was airlifted to hospital from Tryfan in Snowdonia on Sunday, where he was pronounced dead.

The pair, believed to be from the south of England, had been trying to descend the mountain, but were forced to turn back when they realised how steep the incline was, according to a rescue official.

The man, thought to have been in his late 50s, reportedly slipped and fell during their ascent back up the gully, Christopher Lloyd of Ogwen Valley Mountain Rescue Organisation said.

The unnamed man and his daughter are believed to have climbed Snowdon a day earlier.

The victim was spotted by a rock climber nearby, and emergency services were called to the scene at around 12.10pm on Sunday.

The rock climber, who has been commended for his heroic efforts, then comforted the man’s distraught daughter and helped escort her off the mountain.

Mr Lloyd described the mountain as “a challenge”, and said his rescue service deals with at least two fatal incidents each year.

He said: “These two, a gentleman and his daughter were hill-walking.

“They were looking for the descent off the mountain, which can be quite treacherous.

“The whole mountain is steep and rocky so it’s all quite a challenge.

“They have gone down a bit, realised it was getting too steep and they’ve decided to go back which is a very good decision, and something has gone wrong.

"It is tragic, having made the correct decision to turn around.

"It's very, very sad."

Mr Lloyd added the dad had fallen "a considerable distance".

PC Gethin Jones, of North Wales Police, said: "The man, who is not local to the area, was located and airlifted to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor but sadly he was pronounced dead.

"His next of kin have been informed and our thoughts are with his family and friends."

Sumber : https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/3561235/dad-plunges-to-his-death-in-front-of-his-horrified-daughter-after-slipping-on-mountainside-during-weekend-away-in-snowdonia/ (Diakses 18 Mei 2017)