Walker plunges to his death on Snowdonia mountain

A Snowdonia mountain walker died at the weekend after running into difficulty on the descent.

The unnamed man had been out with his daughter when he slipped plunging down the south gulley on Tryfan at about 12.10pm on Sunday.

A nearby rock climber went to the man - who is believed to be in his late 50s - and called emergency services.

He also carried out first aid while waiting for help but his efforts were in vain.

Mountain rescue volunteers yesterday commended the rock climber for his actions.

Chris Lloyd, of Ogwen Valley Mountain Rescue Team , said the man had been walking with his 25-year-old daughter.

“They had been looking for a way down the mountain but realised the route was not an easy one,” he said.

“They were making their way back up when the man slipped and fell a good distance.

“A man who was solo rock climbing witnessed the fall, managed to get down to the casualty, and did his best to save the man.

“He rang 999 and waited until help arrived.

“The man, who we believe was from Exeter, was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd but was pronounced dead.”

Mr Lloyd said the rock climber climbed back up the gulley, comforted the man’s distraught daughter, and helped escort her off the mountain.

Mountain rescue volunteers took her to Ybsyty Gwynedd following the incident.

“The rock climber was taken back to our base following the incident,” said Mr Lloyd.

“He is from the West Midlands and should be highly commended for his actions.”

North Wales Police confirmed that a man had died during the incident.

PC Gethin Jones, North Wales Police said: “The man, who is not local to the area, was located and airlifted to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor but sadly he was pronounced dead.

“His next of kin have been informed and our thoughts are with his family and friends.”

Ogwen Valley Mountain Rescue Team were also called to Tryfan at 12.15pm on Saturday after a man slipped and injured his foot.

The 25-year-old walker from London was with three friends when his foot slipped into a hole.

The Coastguard 936 helicopter was called but was unable to land due to strong winds.

Mountain rescue volunteers managed to reach the casualty and loaded him on to a stretcher.

They had to stretcher him 1,000ft down the mountain in what was described as difficult terrain.

The team were assisted by members of RAF Valley, RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland and RAF Leeming.

Rescuers managed to carry the man to Cwm Bochlwyd where the helicopter was able to land and fly the man to Ysbyty Gwynedd at about 5pm.

Sumber : http://www.dailypost.co.uk/news/walker-plunges-death-snowdonia-mountain-13034201 (Diakses 18 Mei 2017)